Tokyo
one of the 47 prefectures of Japan, has served as the Japanese capital since 1869. As of 2014, the Greater Tokyo Area ranked as the most populous metropolitan area in the world. 

Dolgoprudny
is a town in Moscow Oblast, Russia, located about 20 kilometers (12 mi) north of Moscow city center. The town's name is derived from Russian  (dolgy prud, lit. "long pond")—a long and narrow pond situated in the northeastern part of the town. The town's name is sometimes colloquially shortened as Dolgopa. Population: 90,956.

SaoPaulo 
is a municipality in the Southeast Region of Brazil. The metropolis is an alpha global city (as listed by the GaWC) and the most populous city in Brazil, the Western Hemisphere and the Southern Hemisphere, besides being the largest Portuguese-speaking city in the world. 

MexicoCity
is the capital of Mexico and the most populous city in North America. Mexico City is one of the most important cultural and financial centres in the Americas.

Seoul
officially the Seoul Special City, is the capital and largest metropolis of South Korea. With surrounding Incheon metropolis and Gyeonggi province, Seoul forms the heart of the Seoul Capital Area, home to roughly half of the country's population. Seoul is ranked as the fourth largest metropolitan economy in the world and is larger than London and Paris.

Osaka 
is a designated city in the Kansai region of Japan. It is the capital city of Osaka Prefecture and the largest component of the Keihanshin Metropolitan Area, the second largest metropolitan area in Japan and among the largest in the world with over 19 million inhabitants. Osaka will host Expo 2025. The current mayor of Osaka is Hirohumi Yoshimura.

Manila
is the capital of the Philippines. It is the most densely populated city proper in the world. 

Paris
is the capital and most populous city of France. Since the 17th century, Paris has been one of Europe's major centres of finance, commerce, fashion, science, and the arts.

Vienna
is the federal capital and largest city of Austria, and one of the nine states of Austria. Vienna is Austria's primate city, with a population of about 1.9 million, and its cultural, economic, and political centre.


